I had that feeling when, just after the fight had started, he was throwing punches.  And they're Steve Rogers punches but still just punches!  The hammer thing had been teased and oh man the pay offYou know, I was trying to figure out when he became worthy between Age of Ultron and that moment, but you're probably right.&gt; If it decide to rebel, snap again anywayhe destroyed the stones so he never planned on a 2nd snapsomewhere far from home?That and the dab moment with hulk were definitely cringe, although the dab moment I think was better because it at least owned the cringeIt was kinda weird to me. Like I'm all for those girl power moments, but the fact that every single major female MCU character came together in the middle of a chaotic battle at that exact moment makes it feel kinda forced. Like what innate spidette sense told them to do that? The battle against Proxima in Infinity War was done better imo&gt; -She stops Thanos mid-snap. My heart nearly stopped.Except you could remove that scene and nothing would change, the fight even still flows. So I wouldn't really class that as important. It's just there to give Marvel a scene.Except Marvel specifically got a movie [An origin story at that; which Marvel said they wanted to move away from...] between the two films to build her up.Difference between giving dues to established characters and shoehorning one in.Like; Scarlet Witch had an arc; it was revenge for Vision. Strange was there to motivate Stark. Parker for Feels with Stark... most of the characters were basically continueing the fight from Infinity War, fighting on pretty much exactly from where they left off.What is Marvel there for? She has no connections with anyone there. She doesn't contribute to the plot in any way. She just feels like filler. I mean she dosen't even interact with Fury at Stark's funeral or anything. Her purpose in the film is basically to say 'There's places other than Earth you know' as if the Guardians aren't evidence of that; or the various scenes in Infinity War.And / or Guardians are in Thor 4.  Movie was 'confirmed' by Tessa Thompson, with Taika Waititi back to direct :)Asgardians of the Galaxy!  Been calling that one since the trailers for Infinity War!!!  So excited!!The time travel rules stated by banner that they would be going into alternate timelines/realities. Everything fits to these rules perfectly except Old Cap being at the end. That doesn't make sense as he never came back through the machine, he carried on in that timeline with Carter. Which should be allowed to happen. Only big plot hole.Actually that works fine based on the rules set out by Banner. That thanos was from an alternate timeline. So therefore by killing that thanos he never gets the stones in that specific timeline not the main timeline of the MCU.  This is why the old cap bit doesn't work because the rules show that time travel doesn't affect time in a linear way. The thanos from this timeline got the stones, infinity war happened and then was killed at the start of this film. Same reason Nebula didn't vanish when she killed past Nebula, because it's a version of her from an alternate timeline/reality. If they set rules up for how time travel works they should stick to it and all the bits fit except old cap.He kinda disappears in the last battle, I barely recall seeing him when all the fapping of other characters coming in.Hmm, I recall hearing it and waiting for something to happen ... wasnt sure if I imagined it tho.I think the lack of one is important. It signifies the ending of this chapter, a story that has been building up ever since the very first Iron Man was released.We're talking 21 films in the making, all to get to this point. To have a post-credits scene would sort of ruin the whole point. That this is the end.It's not that the Avengers can't have more films either, it's that they'll be set in another chapter. It's not like the comics just ended once the Infinity story was won.The whole fucking ping-pong shield/hammer scene was a definite highlight for me.I'm a huge fan of slamming some fucking lightning down on a motherfucker, I'm also a huge fan of then slamming a shield into that same motherfucker's face.Can I have a robot hug?Ill take what I can get :)Holy fuck at the end when his hologram said that to his daughter my eyes exploded with tears =-=-I cant believe they actually were talking/making noise during THAT scene! What the hell is wrong with people?! My cinema was stone silent. The only noise was sobbing and crying =-=-Thats disgusting, I feel so sorry for you man. Kids are the absolute worst for being pricks in moments like that. Nothing more aggravating than a noisy brat in a heartwrenching scene. If they had ruined that for me Id have been more pissed than old hulk.Me included. This is to prove Tony Stark had a heart. Im proud to admit that I was crying manly tears. Rip Tony, Im gonna miss your wit, your humour and your part in this wonderful saga.When Loki has it, that's part of an alternative timeline because events of the past have been altered. Captain would have had to, as you correctly stated, return the stone to the base as that's where it originated from; then also correct the alternative timeline that kicked off when Stark &amp; Lang commenced their attempt at getting the stone. Cap would have had to have stopped them to correct the timeline back to the true timeline.Loki vanishing is part of the alternative timeline, when the stone was put back, it corrected the timeline.Wasn't it renamed as Asgardians of the Galaxy?Cap is a straight arrow, a natural leader, tactician, have lost a lot and still willing to give more for the greater good. And most importantly...AMERICA'S ASS!I'd rather it be Thor: The Melted Ice CreamI would say that the motivation to do things were different for Tony.We see in Thor 1, that you have to put the interest of others before your own, in order to become worthy. Thor wanted to save the town, Jane and the others and became worthy again. While when he was trying to lift the hammer in the beginning, he couldn't.During Endgame, Tony established that he was only going to participate in the heist, because bringing people back was nice, BUT his priority is to keep what he already has, his family. This means that until the moment when he gets the stones from Thanos and snaps, he was thinking about his family. He even goes out with "I am Ironman". A remark about himself and his legacy.Captain America was after the snap trying to help the rest of the survivors. He spoke about moving on, because what's the point if half of the population survives but just dives into depression. The Captain probably didn't even talk to Peggy in 1970 when he had a chance, because it would have endangered the mission. In Civil War, Steve reaches out to Tony in the end, telling him that Cpt America will help, when help is needed. He also wouldn't trade lives when the solution presented itself in Infinity War. Also when Steve fought Thanos with Mjolnir, he probably wanted to keep his promise to Tony, that he and his family would survive. I believe that, in the end, when Steve chose to stay in the past to be with Peggy, he lost his worthiness, because he chose his own interest over the interest of others.The way Thanos wrestled with her and he "just" took out the power stone, punched her and put it back into the glove. What a move.I don't think it has anything to do with pride. It's about worthiness. in Age of Ultron, Captain tried to lift it out of ego, because it was kind of a competition. In Endgame, the Captain was desperate to fight Thanos which made him worthy and the Hammer reacted to the need."Father, I shall become...a rat. And step on these buttons with my teensy pawsies"We all saw a cinematic tradition that our grandkids are going to witness.Big times.Thor 2 was much more plot significant than I would have ever thought.To me, it was more of a comic book fight scene than a realistic moment in a battle. It was symbolic and so badass. It could be cringy if you perceive it as such, and I get it tbh, just wanted to share my perspective of it. Maybe my only take is that Captain Marvel didn't really need their help to get past those troops lolYep that seemed super strange. Only explanation i can think of, is that they turned to dust as well at the end of infinity war.That scene is gonna age so well in 10 yearsThey got Natasha to play dead.Yea out of all people they kill a Russian woman. I went full AC:0 1;O4L because of thatThere is avengers X in phase 4I have mixed ideas about this, when I watched the movie I thought he told Tony to take out one stone so that the snap wouldn't work. Afterwards I thought that he just reminded Tony that they could win in 1 scenario.Such a masterful fakeout. I was expecting a full-blown re-enactment of TWS elevator fight, but damned if they didnt bamboozle me.Isnt there a Loki show coming up? Since he died in Infinity War I'm assuming the show will be about the Loki the teleports away in the pastSome brats were making noise at that scene so I bellowed BE QUIET and now my throat hurts like fuckI've watched it twice so far, the first time everyone behaved because there were NO. DAMNED. KIDS. The second time I went slightly berserk because those fuckers were still making noise during Tony's posthumous hologram message.Too soonThis is a meme worthyCassie was like what, 7-8 at the most in Antman &amp; the Wasp. That's a big 13 year old.And the part where Thor and Cap swap Stormbreaker and Mjolnir!He looked so lost going "uh, yeah I can throw this motorcycle I guess. Oh, uh, \*roars\*"I was really sad for her during the debriefing/pb&amp;j scene. It was shown just after Caps support meeting where he was helping people to keep going and maybe move on. But Natasha didnt want to, because the job was all she ever had. And if there was even the slightest chance she can undo it, shes immediately on it without hesitation.During Caps speech and theyre gonna go jump back in time, she was so giddy. The bit where she told Steve see you later was just...damn, thats goodbye.Same. I cringed because it was forced and I know there would be bitching. But I also felt thankful they added it. Besides in the future films thered be more of that girl power. Might as well make those bitching get used to it.Gamora from the different reality simply lost her purpose, now that Thanos and the whole army has been dusted. After all her only purpose was to kill Thanos regardless of which reality it is. So I assume she just wandered off somewhere, which explains the 'Searching' on the screen when Quill's on the plane, suggesting his next personal quest is to find Gamora.Also, note that it is Gamora from the different reality. The OG Gamora is dead as others mentioned.Nah I definitely heard 'Hulk Dab'Absolutely one of my favourite scenes.My favourite scene by far just because it was a great shoutout to the comic book moment and the Winter Soldier Elevator scene. I admit that while I do not spoil the movie to people who have not seen it, I do say "Hail Hydra" to them :DLike this shouldn't beHey guys i'm alive!&amp;#x200B;10 minutes later:&amp;#x200B;Oh fucc he dedYeah, also Captain Marvel did only one thing right i.e. getting Tony and Nebula home. That was disappointing after all the hype.Also cap takes it back with him in the endThe 1 win scenario.Although he did say he wouldn't say he would let him know or it wouldn't happen, I guess he sees the future and he (Strange) did the same gesture then too?Leaving Thanos with the other 5 gems would leave the heroes at a big disadvantage."What's that you got there, boy? You got a licence for that Frisbee?""Requesting backup, we have a black gentleman resisting arrest, &amp; armed with a giant frisbee. ".Sam Wilson: ....DOZENSThor went through a complete and unexpected arc in the last movie. He suffered the entire movie just do he can come back of that sweet revenge. That's some heroics right there, and in that regard the movie did him justice. A comic relief is a nice change of tone.Elaborate explanations can never be elaborate enough to convince unwitting characters to obey when there's such a small window of time. Old cap would cling on to the real cap and insist to have his questions answered, which would be pestering.Honestly, I read it in the credits but cant remember and now its really bothering me!Not really a reason why they had to write him that way. They had that talk about Gamma radiation that he can absorb it..yada yada. They could have made him heal the damage or absorb the radiation an go full smash Hulk again.I think cap was worthy back then but mjolnir was "sensing" the avengers were making a game of it so he did not yield to cap when he tried to lift it. But in real battle though, he made himself available to cap. Just my two cents.Tony Stark deserved a happy ending, instead his daughter is gonna grow up without a father just like he didFor me it wasn't a dab, it was a Hulk Hogan pose!She sacrificed herself to save the only family she's known :(Who was the Teenager boy in the scene ? Was it the boy in Iron man 3 ?Unlucky bunch, no wonder their school gives them a trip.i think i found it, its called Its Been A Long, Long Time by Harry JamesHe practically burnt his arm off with the faux infinity gauntlet, so i think any fightint he did do wouldnt have been as smash-tastic as it usually isSo it turns out that Cap just didn't want to flaunt the fact that he was worthy in Ultron.Some people are suggesting cap returns all the infinity stones as well as the hammer.I'm just amazed at how gracefully they could introduce time travel in to the MCU. It could have gone terribly wrong, and just introduced a lot of plotholes, but im my opinion, they totally nailed the time travel.That's why Dr strange had to make sure he livedStrange was held up holding back the water after Thanos starting firing on earth from his ship. so was out of commission for much of that final battle.All hail Rat-Man!!!Now I would really like to know who will fund the incoming superheroes!There's only one timeline for them, in the sense that they can't change their past. But since they can visit other timelines (parallel universes, as explained by The Ancient One), that's the reason why they had to return stuff and not mess up the timeline they were visiting.The timeline/reality where Nebula gets captured and Thanos (of that reality) dies? Well, guess that universe doesn't have Thanos anymore. But changing that timeline's past doesn't affect the OG-timeline.Im really curious about this too. The way it was done it seems like half the universe will now be 5 years younger relative to the other half. Could be some odd ramifications...I do get why they did it that way though - for a minute I thought they might be setting Tony up to choose between his daughter and the mission, and that would have been TOO MUCH TRAUMA for me.Didn't he say 'Dab' while dabbing? Or was that someone in my theatreim sure that some plot holes will arise eventually, however none were outstandingHi, MrTastix!I thought I'd stop by to offer you a robot hug, and to wish you a wonderful day!-HappyFriendlyBotdo you think thor is in GOTG3? I hope so!I think there might be something in Guardians 3. When you see him in the ship at the end, he's searching for her on the computer. And depending on what Tony's 'wish' was, she may not have gone with the rest of Thanos' army. If he thought of snapping all who side with Thanos', then she would have been safe.Massive time travel plot hole they killed thanos and his army so the whole of infinity war didn't happen the stones were returned but not thanosHmm could cap live out his days on the alternate timeline then after Peggy dies time travel back to his original reality as he was ment to just years later. I guess only problem with that is he should have appeared on the pad?I can offer a redditor hug?But thats not when they took the stone, they shouldhave returned it to the base.It's amazing how they were able to tie in that great little nugget.LITERALLYWon't he have trouble with the police?I Love Tony Stark 4000pepper got all the $$$Too soon man... too soonHad the same experience, SO awesome and im glad I was there!!&gt;I am steve rogersI KNEW it!It was one of the intense moment in the movie. It felt like watching a mission impossible movie where the planes goes completely south and they start improvising.Maybe Banner Natasha happenned in the 5 years. Hulk maybe smashedI agree. I feel like a post credit scene would just detract from the weight of the ending. It was about stopping Thanos, undoing the Snap and they did it at the sacrifice of others. The ending was well, the end.we waited since Avengers 1 for this momentI was stunned to see Natalie Portman back. I thought she severed ties with the MCU long ago.Or some villain to take his mind of itLoved this part. Never thought Id see Peter Parker use the instant kill functionYeah, I think thats a separate timeline. The conversation between Hulk and the Ancient One explained how when the stones would be brought back to their right timelines, those that would split off would cease to exist. Plus they go further back in time, so that timeline would have rewritten that disastrous moment.That scene was horrible. Two best friends fighting to get to be the one to commit suicideI like it. Its almost like Strange saw the future and was just like, theres no point in fighting and wasting time, heres the time stone and well see you soon for when we win.I was literally close to crying when I saw Shuri, Okoye, and T'Challa come out of the portal Dr. Strange opened. And then all of them at once. Thanos has an army, and so do they. I remember rubbing my chest to contain my emotions  a rush of overwhelming joy and awe. First time for me to feel something like that. We're lucky to have witnessed one of the greatest movie franchises of the entire entertainment industry.Right?! I never thought that would be a thingI think Infinity War explained it perfectly. On Titan Thanos saw first hand what overpopulation leads to. That in turn lead him to kill 50% of the population on planets he conquers. Gamoras planet is a paradise after his "visit" and that confirms to him that it's a good plan. It doesn't have to make sense to everyone, only to him. He's misguided and can't see any other solutions, especially not after having confirmed it works on individual planets. It's honestly why I think he's such an interesting villain. He's relatable and you can understand his motives, but he's also a madman.Theres like 50 wizards there at least one of them must know how to use sling portalsYou can rest now TonyI was wondering about this too bc Ant Man's daughter is 5 years older &amp;#x200B;Would have loved to see Pena make a cameo!Theory of the day: the rat is Loki. :pI'm a grown man and loved that scene. I'm worried about all the hate it's going to get but it doesn't push any agenda, everyone is still fighting, is it so bad to have a badass scene with all these powerful female superheroes that most haven't had their own movie?yeah, I wanted some full blown Hulk action :(As someone said. The battle in ready player one but you actually care about the characters.She didn't deserve that ending. Out of everyone in the MCU, Natasha Romanov led the most painful life. She had a screwed up past, she could never have a family and she didn't even get to end up with Banner. Stark's death really hit me but they celebrated him too much compared to how they mourned Natasha. Without her sacrificing herself, Tony wouldnt even have a gauntlet to snap. I cant believe they just did her dirty like that.I feel she's dessimated as well, since all those who came along with Thanos were snapped!How many versions out of the 14 million did Dr Strange just watch rats crawl all over the van but miss the button? Haha.Europe would be nice.The quantum realm allows for travel in space also. That's how Tony and Steve traveled to that base from NYC. The way I see the time stuff is that those are alternate timelines that they took the stones from, or else we kind of got ourselves a grandfather paradox thing going.It's not supposed to age well. This is our culture, the next generation are welcome to laugh at our stupidity, as we do to our parents.She did save Stark and NebulaOne rat in 14, 000, 000so how exactly did rocket get the reality stone out of natalie portman and how is cap gonna insert it back to her?Everyone in our cinema lost at the dab lmaoOh shiiiit! I forgot he vanishedI re-watched Winter Soldier, and they never did show Peggy Carter's "husband", and their dialogue was very weird.&amp;#x200B;So, yeah. It's plausible that 2 captain Americas existed at the same time.I don't thinks a case of him not being worthy in the end he, had to restore Mjolnir to the timeline so Hella could destroy it in RagnarokHer mistake was not realizing (however indirectly) that their reality is a bigger picture reality and the impact of his request had already been accounted for by Strange, the best of them. It was one of my favorite parts and I had a lot lot lot of favorite parts.a for effort but who tf would want to have movie spoiled like thisHarley Keener. The boy from Iron Man 3. [https://marvelcinematicuniverse.fandom.com/wiki/Harley\_Keener](https://marvelcinematicuniverse.fandom.com/wiki/Harley_Keener)He may become the next Iron Man.It was too short.im very thankful they didnt randomly veto his weight gain and altered personality halfway through with a fancy bolt of lightning. it would have completely ruined the purpose of the whole character plot.Thought the same! I really thought that will be Cap's end was really glad that it wasn'tI don't know, I kinda wanted him to yell it, triumphantly, you know. Not whisper it, that felt kinda weak. But it is just a minor complaint.And what about the soulstone? How exactly did he return it when a trade has already been struck?Agree with this - I loved seeing all the women together, and fully realising just how amazing they all are. Didn't feel cringey at all  but I definitely thought "some dudebros are going to whinge about this".  Would love to see that moment on a poster.*"Whoever holds this hammer, be they worthy, shall possess the power of Thor."*Explains why Cap could summon lightning.Youre over thinking it. Her mistake really is just not giving it to hulk as soon as he showed up. Shes knows that if strange gave it away it would work.That scene gave me goosebumps but when tony was against the wall and everyone knew that was his end it was absolutely heart wrenching I cried from then till caps dance with PeggyTo me it looked more like she was holding him up as he crumbled and collapsed, but I see what you meanFamily for Tony was a death flag, like Natasha's talking about family and how the avengers made her better in that one scene in cap, and like how cap did the hammer thing.That applies to all product placement though. That Audi e-tron GT insert was so jarring it was basically just an in-movie ad. Same with the Axe body spray 'joke'.You could say he didn't want to steal his thunder.Thor Lebowskison?I mean, they did kill Cap, basically. But Ironman's death was inevitable, because he was the main character, and with his death the movie got deeper meaning.the entire scene with tony and howard i was expecting tony to go oh by the way, anthony is a good name. sad that didnt happenI don't like the treatment Star Lord is getting, to be honest. He's more than just a laughing stock. I would be ok with it if there were moments of respect there as well, but them respecting his leadership is very underplayed and making fun of him is overplayed, at least in my opinionGod damn i went from eating ice cream happily and then eating ice cream sadly.take your upvote. fine, just take it.That exactly. All the characters in that scene are amazing in their own right, but it didn't change a single thing for Captain Marvel, she just flies through everything anywayDifferent timeline my dudes. Loki is still dead in our timelineand Yvette too!!! community represent!!Hes Harley Keener from iron man 3, the kid who let Tony Stark stayed at his houseI didnt cry for Black Widows and Tonys death, but when cap summoned Mjolnir and called Avengers Assemble, our theatre went nuts and my eyes were wet!!What I'm thinking is a few of the baddies who were in prison previously got out/were respawned in a broken prison, bringing back old enemies onto the table for the next phaseSay greeeeen.Both falling would have been such a fail.That's justified coz cap jumped back and put the pieces back to where they were. .So you're saying that they're not really jumping in time, but jumping between universes. Which makes sense of the double Thanos death. However, how then did Cap grow old within the same universe? Shouldn't he just be in the other one? Without Thanos?I keep coming back to that moment when all the portals opened and I agree. It was more than I wanted, it was just sheer perfection. Let all the tears flow.Avengers... assemble.It is also possible that everyone in their class died of the snap.And he shouts I knew it!I liked that bit.I'm a male and it was such a badass moment that it wasn't cringe at all. It doesn't feel forced to me like other things would and I think if people start critcizing that moment, they're fucking fragileYou didn't understand the time travel, you should think of this movie time travel more of a reality travel, they created a new timeline with a new Gamora, a new Nebula, a new Thanos, etc.The only plothole is how Captain lived in a different timeline until he grew old, then he appeared on the original timeline...I thought that was a make-a-wish kidHer and the bad nebula were already talking about how bad it would be for Thanos to get the stones. I think bad nebula just got thrown by the arrival of good nebula and was scared for her life,  that's why she stayed badThanos' irritation that this puny planet is putting up all the resistance it can muster (including from the 9 realms and outer space) is hilarious.Woah, nice catch - especially since this was meant to be Infinity War Part 2 (making one long 21st film) but became its own thingShe throws a fucking spaceship at everyoneNiceI think the thing that held him back was knowing what happened to Tony's parents but not telling him.she was planning to kill thanos from the very first. on the first guardians movie she she wants the orb for herself. she was mad at thanos tha whole time and planning to strike at the right time.Korg played fortnite, we saw Thor shit talk noobslayer69 thoughThe hardest choices require the strongest wills. Natasha proved herself superior to Thanos with her cliff dive. He would sacrifice anything in service of his goal, but she would sacrifice her own life to save a friend. Her friends saved her from a life of cold, calculating deception and solitude, so it makes sense that they mean so much to her, especially Barton.People may agree or not that it was a spectacular movie but here something we can ALL agree on : Marvel D=OE=OL=OI=OV=OE=OR=OE=OD=O.EVERYTHING.*vision and quicksilver crying in the corner*I assumed they were setting up Iron Man (daughter, has moved on, doesn't want to undo it) vs Hawkeye (family dead, has become a vengeful killing machine, willing to do anything to get his family back)&amp;#x200B;then they didn't do that at all.But there actually was a post credit scene&amp;#x200B;If you listened closely you should have heard someone smithing some iron...All the Fortnite developers were snapped. The car designers were bored.Well I think the point there is to set up Tonys death believably. Because its not just about inner strength or bei g worthy, you have to be physically able to take a good punch to wield the gauntlet, and even if you have resistance like Hulk, youre gonna end up hurting real bad.Goosebumps 20/10.Family tends to give characters the opposite of armour. Fully expected him to die.The Gamora who switches sides is taken from the exact time when Quill originally gets the Power Stone.  In the Prime Timeline she betrays Thanos pretty much right after that. He sends her Ronan who sends her to get the Orb, but she goes to get it in order to keep it out of Thanos' and Ronan's hands.  So she had already switched sides really, she was just waiting for the right moment.Yeah you right damnI saw it coming, but it was still amazing. Honestly, Caps 1v1 with Thanos was the best 1v1 in that movie, in my opinion.Called me a dickhead!Thor: disconnect now or I'll kill your familyIt was such a good scene. I totally know MCU was just trying to pander but god it felt good to see them all have a power shot. MCU can sell this to me as much as they want and I will buy it if it means more women being powerful.Woah Woah Woah there buddy! He killed ALIENS so it's all good. But killing actual people is whole 'nother levelBut remember that he stole the terseract so 2012 Loki might be aliveI liked that she didn't have that big of a role of beating thanos.Cap dying wouldve been a pretty sad end for him though bc literally from the start of CATFA he did not catch a single break (bullied kid&gt;serum&gt;war&gt;ice&gt;etc etc) so it makes sense that his story arc ends with some kind of chill.Dont get me wrong tonys my fave and im devastated but as soon as his daughter came up on screen i knew tony was a goner bc he supposedly got his wholesome happy endingI think Cap was worthy back in Avengers 2, but when he realized that he was, he chose not to pick up Mjolnir, in order to keep Thor's ego intact. This decision proves again that Cap is worthy, since an unworthy person would have picked up Mjolnir and embarrassed Thor.Kid from iron man 3Im a 34 M... that scene was awesome. Hard to describe, I guess it was a FUCK YEAH, YOU GONNA DIE NOW! feeling.Hope they do an origin movie for Rat-Man. The one out of 14 millionMade me think of WarThor after the transformation and braided beard.Sorry, no exchanges or returns.Except Thor and Hulk. Pretty sure Thor is going to be in GotG 3, while Hulk is going to make cameos here and thereDifferent timelines (alt universes). They are essentially going to alt timelines to borrow their stones and hammer for a bit then returning them. I think.Damn so the hammer still got destroyed in the end? I loved the mjolnir and storm breaker comboBeing a blood-sacrifice can often make people resentful.