She has a big hero moment near the end, doesn't ruin the fight against thanos by being OP, and gets a damn dope haircut that makes her more in line with the comics.Yeah that didn't do much for TonySome people argue that's either Tony making his first armor or, my theory, the beginnings of IronheartLike, say, a movie :/Yeah it'll be a tough sellUghhhhhYeah but Sam can't throw that shield so hard it'll snap you in half.But if that was true, why the whole "back to the future is bullshit" and the Elder One's "this is time as you know it"? It's so inconsistent.Hail fucking hydraI really enjoyed the "smash"-Hulk we got when they go back to NYHaha same, I was basically cheering at one point when I thought he "won" the fight, only to be catched by Natasha again...Exactly!I noticed them being from Community but for some reason I didn't make the connection that it's because the Russos worked on Community. Perhaps this is the Community movie we always wanted?Wait what, is that a real thing?I laughed so much at his cameo. His hand on hip Im watching you pose as Scott trudges off with the wagon of his belongings was so expressive.We also dont know when Far From Home is set. Perhaps it takes place after Homecoming but before the events of the snap?I laughed so hard at that moment. And then Nebula and Gamoras exchange afterwards where Gamora is like Really? This is the guy? and Nebula is like It was between him and a tree.Tbh I agree. Both are enhanced human beings - Steve by the American scientists and Bucky by the Russian scientists - while Sam is just a normal human being, unfortunately.Im fairly certain that Loki is dead (since he was killed by Thanos before the snap and at the beginning of Infinity War).Fun fact, the guy in the support group was Joe Russo, one of the directors. I was cracking up so hard during his cameo, but I dont think anyone sitting near me recognized who he was because no one else reacted.Same! That shot where he was running past Nat and off the cliff reminded me so much of his character from Tag also hahaYes, I felt the same about the first few minutes. The pacing and transitions between the scenes felt jerky.Howard actually said the opposite. He said that he hopes he has a daughter, so the child is less like himself, and Tony asks why that would be so bad, and Howard replies because he never put the greater good ahead of his own selfish interests. So perhaps Tony was hoping to be the man his father wasnt.Six seasons and a movie!Ive mastered the ability of standing so incredibly still that Ive become invisible to the eye. ===Five years in the future and they still play Fortnite on a PS4 but meanwhile drive new AudisI'm pretty sure that to make it simpler, they will say that both Ned and MJ died of the snap too, and thus didn't age. Hopefully they will think about mentioning how half their class is now 5 years older though.I suppose that it definitely means Loki is alive somewhere. I'm very confused as how he could be in the same timeline/universe as the others... but if married!Cap is still in the same universe as the others, then so is escaped!Loki.The got Hulk to dab.Huh I thought it might have been Loki in disguise, this makes way much more sense to me. ThanksYes! I know there's going to be a lot of hate for that. But as a kid myself still, it felt so cool and surreal.Now that youve mentioned it.Some people already moved on. Some people, like the guy in the support group with Cap, started seeing other people. Are they supposed to just end it all and get back with their old loved ones?(4) Steve learn the skill from Draxme too ... but past Capt already said that.Hes got family based plot armor.What was Tony's last words. Had a baby crying me during that part, like just screaming its lungs out. Must have been about 6mo.True. However she will grow up knowing he saved her and countless others lives. Whereas tony didn't even think his father loved him until he was an adult. And he died knowing he finally did what he always sought to do; protect everyone.How DOES the Cap vs Cap fight happen?  What is the rationale?You didn't hear that hammer-like sound as if someone was forging something?Could be yeah, but that did feel like a post-credit moment to me, we weren't left with nothingSo much more. =-She's getting one tho. They say it'll be a prequel about her living in the US 15 years after the Sovjet Union collapsed.  Which is something but I agreed she deserved this movie far before and it feels kind of weird that we're getting it now she's dead.Yeah it's sad they were too scared to do it like 5 or 6 years ago.sam is such a more appropriate character to take up cap's role than bucky in the mcu honestly!!! i mean, emotionally, bucky went through all that brainwashing and torture, steve probably doesn't want him to hold such burden and pain anymore... plus, mcu-aside, sam in the comics is actually quite a mirror to what the world needs captain america to be: he cares about people. all of them: he cares about women, he works hard to make a community (especially his neighborhood) free of violence and fear, he stands for lgbt rights like he does for immigrant people. and i guess bucky already has the new role as white wolf marvel probably wants to give sam a new role!Loki escaping and the events of the army base are in different timelines. Everytime they go back, the timeline splits, leaving their own history unchanged, but inside another. When cap gives back the tesseract in 1970, it will have no effect on 2012 whatsoever. Their actions in 2012 will have effect on that timeline, and loki will have escaped in that timeline. When they jump back in time for the first time, I think they created 3 different splits, the Thanos from the timeline where nebula and rhodes went to came back with them, and that alternate universe will never experience an infinity war. The Thanos of the universe where loki escaped with does still exist though, and he loki couldve brought the stone right back to the mad titan.Prof Hulk actually says cap jumped back to the future, but that he missed. Most likely, cap went back in time to Carter, and then when the cap from the timeline was about to be found in the ice, he jumped back. Giving him about 70 years with Carter.For everytime that they go back to a time, a new timeline splits off at the moment they arrive back in time. So you now have one universe where infinity war happened, the survivors take infinity stones from the past(but the past from an alternate universe) and one that hasnt seen a snap, one where the Thanos has suddenly vanished. In the alternate universe everyone on knowhere is alive again.When travelling back in time, the timeline always splits, but if they had removed the infinity stones, they had split, AND fucked up the reality of that universe. They needed to take the stones back to their original timelines for the sake of those timelines, they themselves would be completely unharmed if they kept the stones.This also means that they created a timeline where loki escapes with the tesseract, completely screwing the avengers of that timeline over.2012 Cap thinks he's fighting Loki. You even see Loki shapeshift into Cap in order to mock him, right before Thor muzzles him.It felt awkward to see Cap in the same shot as Thor and Tony when they see first see Thanos waiting in the rubble; thinking there's no way he could do anything nearly as cool as the other two. Very glad I was wrongRegarding the hug with Peter it was pretty funny how Piper pulled him off of Tony like "ok kiddo time for me to be with my husband"It would make sense that the audio be from the building of Mark 1, especially considering [Tony mentions the cave](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt4154796/quotes?item=qt4442316) in his message to Pepper while shipwrecked.If true the fact the post-credit sound has no video brings out its symbolism. It calls back to a moment when Tony was toiling away, still a few buckets of sweat and elbow grease away from becoming the first Avenger. It is a sound of hope, bearing a deep truth: even when things seem impossible, find the courage in yourself to persevere and you can become extraordinary. Part of the journey is the end, but you have to start somewhere.*message to Piper lolThinking about it retrospectively, them mourning for her was kinda brief. I mean sure there's a rush to bring the snapped ones back, but at least a scene at the end where they mourn for her like they did for tony stark.almost everybody at the cinema clapped in appropriate times. there was a guy pissed off at everyone cheering, so people told him he could get out if he's pissed. we came to cheer.Nice.my thoughts exactly. but when the hour came, he used it like a badass.He's the little boy from Iron Man 3, Harley Keener.As a long time adult female fan, I cringed at this moment... Not because it existed, but because I know the MCU fans would bitch about it and I wasn't looking forward to reading it.Yes it was unnecessary and forced, but I tell you what, looking into my nine year old daughters eyes at that moment knowing that such an intense line up of strong and powerful female heroes had just set her heart ablaze will trump every single negative comment I see about that one "unrealistic" moment in a superhero movie dAvengers 1 Cap thinks future Cap is Loki.I'm not sure what a post credit scene could have been that would both be satisfying and not detract/distract from what came before.I half expected it, and it feels like the right move.She just disappears at the end as well. No goodbye. Just... gone back to the past, I guess.That gave me mad Star Trek 6 vibes. Loved it.Because they were trying to AVOID messing with the timeline. Which is hilarious because they wreck shit like a bull in a China shop and steal a bunch of critical shit like Mjolnir.I'm confused how this works as well - did everyone come back the same age, or 5 years older, or...? It seems the fallout from snapping everyone back could be just as disastrous and emotionally scarring as having them disappear.Not at all. Remember she's the Gamora from the beginning of Guardians of the Galaxy and she was already ready to betray her father then.I think since it was future cap and he went to a time where the other cap was in the ice I didnt have any real impact on the timeline.Your theory would hold up if it wasn't for the Cap incident in the end, where he travels back in time,   and by your assumption, should thus create a new separate timeline. However, he reappears in the now "original" timeline after tonys sacrifice, obviously having altered his own past, and therefore future without swapping timelines. How did the future Cap, fCap, handle existing in a timeline with past Cap, pCap? Did he prevent pCap from being found and took his place, therefore altering the timeline of the discovery of the tesseract? Did he confront pCap with the truth,convince him to lead a different life, and then vanished himself? There is no real way for Cap to meet up with the avengers in the end game timeline as an old man, at least not one that I can find within the frame of their own system..Which makes you wanna watch GotG 3 even more.Well... for a while it was. After that, I preferred to see good old Bufflord of ThunderWe only have half-- the original three. Thanos won after all."I know, I know..."NOOBMASTER69Everyone in the Cinema went crazy over this!Yeah that was really funny. Cant go bad with Thor and HulkThors face when Cap wielded mjolnir was priceless. Hes like a big brother proud and cheering for himI know that was a punch in the gut for me. But I do get it, he had to die do make the whole thing full circle.But I wish they killed Cap instead. I mean no offense but Chris Evans was very vocal about being hesitant with joining a long franchise film. Its just RDJ is more involve with MCU than himI wish they would have mourned Natasha at the same time. I mean everyone was there, can you give a girl a proper goodbye she deservesShe saves Tony and Nebula.  But is gone for most until the big fight.  Her entrances are awesome.That was such a rollercoaster scene with the soul stone.  Really thought it'd be Clint who'd go.Same here with my showing.  Everyone cheered when we saw whose hands mjolnir was flying into.I'm a girl and it was nice but def felt forced.  Gratuituous setup since CM didn't really need the help.I dont think so. They returned the stones to protect the timeline from greater danger like the ancient one said. But they didnt nothing to rectify the blunders that led to Loki being able to teleport away.I assumed Cap dropped Mjolinir off at the original time in Asgard that they took Hammerand the Ether. Otherwise Past Thor would be without a HammerI was reaaaaaally hoping for an "I can do this all day" from Cap at that point though :(I wouldn't be surprised if Fat Thor was Hemsworth's idea - like he turned up for filming after loafing around in Australia with his family and getting a bit of a dad bod going on and the Directors are a bit mad and then he's like... here's an idea - Thor let himself go and is now a fat neckbeard...Also doesn't having cap grow old get a time paradox?He probably knew he could lift it, but stopped to not ruin Thor's prideit's not really her past self, it's more an alternate dimension from what i remembermultiply ressources, you multiply people, multiply the consumption, back to step oneKill half the population, the rest is traumatized and stay his line. If it decide to rebel, snap again anywayThanos here is in full armor, with weapon, motivated to fight to kill, and Thor is in FatThor stateOh now it makes sense. Wow they managed to care about iron man 3 too? Impressive.Yes! I wanted to share with someone that there were three people involved with the show Community in the movie.I don't know why, but for some reason, that is super cool to me.I was thinking why she wasn't utilised more in the final battle. But after reading your comment, I guess it would have been like Superman in Justice League.Loved that scene when Thanos headbutts Marvel and she doesn't even flinch.I made a comment elsewhere, but Danny Pudi cameos in Winter Soldier and Jim Rash cameos in Civil War.Both movies directed by the Russo brothers.Yeah, absolutely agree. They showed how incredibly powerful she is without her stealing any spotlight. Loved the movie. But I was super bummed they didn't let Hulk shine in battle. BannerHulk is great. Kind of like Korg. But after IW, Hulk deserved a HULKSMASH moment.He wasn't really saying much during his final seconds (sort of just gasping for air). I would say that the line "I am Iron-man" were his final wordsI thought that was a funny part as well, literally yanked away from tony.Pretty sad, he just wanted Tony to be happy with him.Can you explain to me very detailed what makes you love cap so much? i seem to not understand why ppl praise him like a god.It's a comic nod and could also be seen as Thor being cocky and trying to take over the Milano. I don't think the next GOTG will actually be called that but we'll see.Such a good line.Well they kind of killed cap. He lived his life in the past and gave his mantle and shield to sam (I really liked that reference to the comics!).I just realized the reference to winter soldier where cap outruns Sam while jogging around the lincoln memorial pool. That is genius!Edit: Found the link with the bonus of Cap's catching up book. https://youtu.be/t2E1mLUrBdYNice.Definitely! Especially with Thor on the team, both strands of the MCU are planet jumping adventures, it's gonna be awesome combing the two! Especially if endgame is anything to go offShe swoops in and saves the day a couple of times, Captain Marvel style.*dabs*Honestly that the best part of the movie when it happenedYeah, that would suck. He thinks she's back, but he still loses herThey got Thor to play fortniteKid from IM3100% my thoughts exactly.It's so satisfying to understand why Strange did what he did now. The future he saw in which they won first required them to lose to Thanos, and Stark's role in that future was so critical (from building the time machine to his own snap) that Tony had to survive Infinity War. At the time it looked insane that Strange would trade the Time Stone for Tony's life. Now it all makes perfect sense...talk about a payoff.Perfectly balancedHe is still alive tho just an old man capIll disclose everything I can recall from the final battle.Probably her most significant role: -She stops Thanos mid-snap. My heart nearly stopped.Others include:-Thanos headbutting her. She didnt move an inch.-She basically made herself a human meteor and broke Thanos ship into two by going through it.It may have been too girl power for some, but I (and everyone else in the cinema) absolutely loved it! Everyone went wild. The only thing that saddened me was the absence of Natasha, especially since she was part of the original girl power scene.Its true CM most likely didnt even need the help, but IMO it definitely trumped the girl power scene in IW. It had Valkyrie on her pegasus!Wondering why Tony wasn't deemed worthy. I believe there's quite a consensus that at the end he was the most worthy of them all, surpassing the destiny his dad left him of not seeing the greater good beyond his personal benefit etc.I feel you man. Who will replace Ironman? I want him and Dr strange to argue with each other more. Two big egos.I know, it's like grieving.That's why if the next big great was galatus, how will they defeat him without Tony. It was the most noble sacrifice. I felt like it should have been groot who did the gloves ending as racoon can just replant him alive again.I have to say watching Tony die really reminded me of how my cat died. Although my cat was kidney failure but at the end, the way Tony was like my cat.Cap became worthy when he chose not to speak with carter even though they are face to face.you know who else died for the Soul Stone?  Gamora.  But Gamora is back.  Who said this prequel Black Widow was on the same timeline...?Kid could really use a vacation lolWithout the rat, there would be no movieI think it's clear that the gen 1 avengers are signing off for the last time here, before the torch gets handed on to spiderman 2 and beyond.That boy at the back of the funeral before captain Marvel was the kid from iron man 3, who is going to be the new iron man.You could do the same with most of the battle. If you take out the dam bursting, you don't need Strange, if you don't let Spider-Man get so overwhelmed, you don't need Black Panther helping him out, if you change the timing slightly, you don't need Scarlet Witch, etc.  The whole damn fight scene was a contrivance to make sure every single character would have their moment. It makes no sense to single her out. It was a great scene and a great moment. In Watsonian terms, she really did play an essential part and from an audience perspective, it was pretty damn great to watch.OofI knew it! Flashback to age of ultron when Cap made the hammer budgeProbably why he is so worthy. Wouldnt steal another mans weapon unless it was absolutely necessaryYeah this is why I was hoping not to go down the time travel rabbit hole, but whatever. I saw Thanos die and my friends all come back (except you Nat and Tony, rip). It was still an entertaining journey full of tears and laughter (and confusion).That was also my sole disappointment! Hulk not getting his redemption against Thanos and Banner/Natasha not happening.They did kill Cap, in the most heartwarming way possible.You can't let yourself think about it. The moment I heard "time heist", I shut off the part of my brain that tries to make everything make logical sense.They handled it in a very nuanced way. She shows up, she kicks appropriately titanic ass, and then they have the good sense to let her get punched into an irrelevant rockpile while the heroes we were there to cheer for took care of business. I'll be honest, every second she was on screen I was nervous that they were going to let her steal the movie. I was pleasantly surprised.'I got this! I got this... ok I havn't got this!' xDThat was one of THE highlights of the movie. Cap actually using his knowledge of the future twice to solve a problem without punching. Who would have guessed.  Also having Cap of all people whisper 'Hail Hydra' was just priceless :-DEverybody: 'We could fight and try to prevent Thanos from suceeding with all we have!'  Dr. Strange: 'Nah I'm going to go with the Rat timetravel plan! Here Thanos have my Infinity Stone.' xDThere were a few funny moments before (Bless Paul Rudd for being in this movie) but the 'Hail Hydra' scene was the first that really had me roaring out with laughter :-DEspecially since they set everything up in a way thinking that we would get another iteration of the famous 'elevator fight scene' between Frank Grillo, his crew and Cap. That was just briliantly done!Well present Nebula is without a past Nebula and apparently that isn't a problem.Dr. Strange: "If I tell you about the rat that will save the universe, it will never happen."No, it's not.Tony, Natasha and vision. Get all 3 done in one go.When she runs the med check on him and it just says critical so she accepts what's happening and just tries to comfort him in his final few seconds :(.Or take the universe down to 1 atom and then rebuild.Whatever it takes. She was the hero who gave their lives so that others can live. The ultimate sacrifice. A fine end.1) yeah, but didn't bother me tbh  2) agree. It got to a point that people laughed every time Thor was on screen. After he gets back to himself, with the braided beard, he becomes a battle-hardened warrior. But that was kind of missed by many because of how much of a comic relief he was. They leaned on that too hard  3) I prefer Hawkeye alive. His vigilante ways can be atoned after he reunites with his family - that's the motivation. And it's nice to see a big character die, makes it more 'real' and weighty. It wouldn't have felt the same if it were Hawkeye who died. Would've felt like a cop out  4) I believe that she was too busy to notice. Directors are incredibly busy and absorbed in their work, I can understand that she was too focussed on the problem she was solving to notice his glare  5) no. That was a heavy scene, and too much humor would've ruined it.Applause at that part as well in my viewing. Such a satisfying scene!I didn't know I need this but please can someone arrange Troy and Abed to meet each other in MCU?Haven't heard that many assembles murmured in my whole life and most of them were not even timed right. That kinda dragged me out of the movie and almost ruined one of the most impressive scenes in the whole movie for me =Yup I still can't understand how can Cap showed up in our timeline again if they specifically clarified changing things in the past won't change what has already happened. Theoretically our Cap should be gone forever because he's living in a different branch of reality now. Unless that he pinpointed when and where then dimension jumped here.Cosmic nullifier. And conversation.Like how Reed did it the first time around.I feel sad we'll never see Reed and Tony talk shop.Cap was always worthy. Even in his first film.After that scene with Carter though, I just knew he wasn't gonna go back when they had him slide at the end.I think we all knew that was coming with the AoU tease. But seeing Thor go "I knew it!" with such a big broad smile made it complete.He is, then my theorie was right. Thanks for confirmingOh god, thank you. I've been formulating theories for the past two hours.Agreed with pretty much everything, especially fat Thor. I appreciated Cap getting the hammer, although I hated the fact that he could throw lightning with it (I thought it served as a focus for Thor's inner power?). Also, I wondered what he ended up doing with it, leading theory for now is that he brought it back to Asgard.   About the problems:  1. Wholeheartedly agree.2. Thor is probably my favorite hero, but I honestly hated this slow descent from king of Asgard to comic relief. The fact that he's going to be sailing with the Guardians is not a good sign. On the other hand, next Guardians of the Galaxy, if they really throw Adam Warlock in the mix, might be nothing short of epic. 3. I thought the same watching the scene, but in the end it kinda made sense. They don't like to take the easy way out in the movies, I guess it's kind of an unwritten rule we all accept in the end.Or with Cersei Lannister. Maybe she's a fan?How did Cap get to Asgard? Or the other places he was supposed to be returning stones to? Could the Pym suit do that alone? I suppose he used the gauntlet to do a few things (should be okay as long as he doesn't do something snap-sized). Did he go to Vormir and talk to Red? Coz I really want to see how that went. Couldn't he have asked for the deposit back on the Soul stone?EDIT: Also, Cap took the stones back, which eventually get destroyed by Thanos. No stones = bad for the universe. Cap had to head to where Thanos destroyed the stones and use the heisted stones to reassemble them before he returns them for everything not to be screwed.I'm still curious about what The Ancient One meant when she questions if She had made mistakes when Hulk tells her that Strange simply handed over the stone to save Tony after using it to look for a solution.It was fairly ambiguous, was she meaning that she made a mistake by appointing Strange? Probably not. Perhaps she meant that she'd made the mistake in the other 16mil timelines by not just handing it to Hulk? That kind of seems too blunt though. Now I'm wondering if she meant that she made the mistake of not trusting/supporting Tony and the Avengers sooner, as in context, New York was being attacked by Thanos in 2012 and the sanctum guardians were clearly only interested in defense and concealment.I still actually have no idea...