I laughed so much at his cameo. His hand on hip Im watching you pose as Scott trudges off with the wagon of his belongings was so expressive.We also dont know when Far From Home is set. Perhaps it takes place after Homecoming but before the events of the snap?I laughed so hard at that moment. And then Nebula and Gamoras exchange afterwards where Gamora is like Really? This is the guy? and Nebula is like It was between him and a tree.Tbh I agree. Both are enhanced human beings - Steve by the American scientists and Bucky by the Russian scientists - while Sam is just a normal human being, unfortunately.Im fairly certain that Loki is dead (since he was killed by Thanos before the snap and at the beginning of Infinity War).Fun fact, the guy in the support group was Joe Russo, one of the directors. I was cracking up so hard during his cameo, but I dont think anyone sitting near me recognized who he was because no one else reacted.Same! That shot where he was running past Nat and off the cliff reminded me so much of his character from Tag also hahaYes, I felt the same about the first few minutes. The pacing and transitions between the scenes felt jerky.Howard actually said the opposite. He said that he hopes he has a daughter, so the child is less like himself, and Tony asks why that would be so bad, and Howard replies because he never put the greater good ahead of his own selfish interests. So perhaps Tony was hoping to be the man his father wasnt.Six seasons and a movie!Ive mastered the ability of standing so incredibly still that Ive become invisible to the eye. ===She has a big hero moment near the end, doesn't ruin the fight against thanos by being OP, and gets a damn dope haircut that makes her more in line with the comics.Yeah that didn't do much for TonySome people argue that's either Tony making his first armor or, my theory, the beginnings of IronheartLike, say, a movie :/Yeah it'll be a tough sellUghhhhhYeah but Sam can't throw that shield so hard it'll snap you in half.But if that was true, why the whole "back to the future is bullshit" and the Elder One's "this is time as you know it"? It's so inconsistent.Hail fucking hydraSo much more. =-She's getting one tho. They say it'll be a prequel about her living in the US 15 years after the Sovjet Union collapsed.  Which is something but I agreed she deserved this movie far before and it feels kind of weird that we're getting it now she's dead.Yeah it's sad they were too scared to do it like 5 or 6 years ago.Everyone in the Cinema went crazy over this!Yeah that was really funny. Cant go bad with Thor and HulkThors face when Cap wielded mjolnir was priceless. Hes like a big brother proud and cheering for himI know that was a punch in the gut for me. But I do get it, he had to die do make the whole thing full circle.But I wish they killed Cap instead. I mean no offense but Chris Evans was very vocal about being hesitant with joining a long franchise film. Its just RDJ is more involve with MCU than himI wish they would have mourned Natasha at the same time. I mean everyone was there, can you give a girl a proper goodbye she deservesShe saves Tony and Nebula.  But is gone for most until the big fight.  Her entrances are awesome.That was such a rollercoaster scene with the soul stone.  Really thought it'd be Clint who'd go.Same here with my showing.  Everyone cheered when we saw whose hands mjolnir was flying into.I'm a girl and it was nice but def felt forced.  Gratuituous setup since CM didn't really need the help.2012 Cap thinks he's fighting Loki. You even see Loki shapeshift into Cap in order to mock him, right before Thor muzzles him.It felt awkward to see Cap in the same shot as Thor and Tony when they see first see Thanos waiting in the rubble; thinking there's no way he could do anything nearly as cool as the other two. Very glad I was wrongRegarding the hug with Peter it was pretty funny how Piper pulled him off of Tony like "ok kiddo time for me to be with my husband"It would make sense that the audio be from the building of Mark 1, especially considering [Tony mentions the cave](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt4154796/quotes?item=qt4442316) in his message to Pepper while shipwrecked.If true the fact the post-credit sound has no video brings out its symbolism. It calls back to a moment when Tony was toiling away, still a few buckets of sweat and elbow grease away from becoming the first Avenger. It is a sound of hope, bearing a deep truth: even when things seem impossible, find the courage in yourself to persevere and you can become extraordinary. Part of the journey is the end, but you have to start somewhere.*message to Piper lolYes! I wanted to share with someone that there were three people involved with the show Community in the movie.I don't know why, but for some reason, that is super cool to me.I was thinking why she wasn't utilised more in the final battle. But after reading your comment, I guess it would have been like Superman in Justice League.Loved that scene when Thanos headbutts Marvel and she doesn't even flinch.I made a comment elsewhere, but Danny Pudi cameos in Winter Soldier and Jim Rash cameos in Civil War.Both movies directed by the Russo brothers.Whatever it takes. She was the hero who gave their lives so that others can live. The ultimate sacrifice. A fine end.1) yeah, but didn't bother me tbh  2) agree. It got to a point that people laughed every time Thor was on screen. After he gets back to himself, with the braided beard, he becomes a battle-hardened warrior. But that was kind of missed by many because of how much of a comic relief he was. They leaned on that too hard  3) I prefer Hawkeye alive. His vigilante ways can be atoned after he reunites with his family - that's the motivation. And it's nice to see a big character die, makes it more 'real' and weighty. It wouldn't have felt the same if it were Hawkeye who died. Would've felt like a cop out  4) I believe that she was too busy to notice. Directors are incredibly busy and absorbed in their work, I can understand that she was too focussed on the problem she was solving to notice his glare  5) no. That was a heavy scene, and too much humor would've ruined it.Applause at that part as well in my viewing. Such a satisfying scene!OofI knew it! Flashback to age of ultron when Cap made the hammer budgeProbably why he is so worthy. Wouldnt steal another mans weapon unless it was absolutely necessaryYeah this is why I was hoping not to go down the time travel rabbit hole, but whatever. I saw Thanos die and my friends all come back (except you Nat and Tony, rip). It was still an entertaining journey full of tears and laughter (and confusion).Oh god, thank you. I've been formulating theories for the past two hours.Agreed with pretty much everything, especially fat Thor. I appreciated Cap getting the hammer, although I hated the fact that he could throw lightning with it (I thought it served as a focus for Thor's inner power?). Also, I wondered what he ended up doing with it, leading theory for now is that he brought it back to Asgard.   About the problems:  1. Wholeheartedly agree.2. Thor is probably my favorite hero, but I honestly hated this slow descent from king of Asgard to comic relief. The fact that he's going to be sailing with the Guardians is not a good sign. On the other hand, next Guardians of the Galaxy, if they really throw Adam Warlock in the mix, might be nothing short of epic. 3. I thought the same watching the scene, but in the end it kinda made sense. They don't like to take the easy way out in the movies, I guess it's kind of an unwritten rule we all accept in the end.Or with Cersei Lannister. Maybe she's a fan?'I got this! I got this... ok I havn't got this!' xDThat was one of THE highlights of the movie. Cap actually using his knowledge of the future twice to solve a problem without punching. Who would have guessed.  Also having Cap of all people whisper 'Hail Hydra' was just priceless :-DEverybody: 'We could fight and try to prevent Thanos from suceeding with all we have!'  Dr. Strange: 'Nah I'm going to go with the Rat timetravel plan! Here Thanos have my Infinity Stone.' xDThere were a few funny moments before (Bless Paul Rudd for being in this movie) but the 'Hail Hydra' scene was the first that really had me roaring out with laughter :-DEspecially since they set everything up in a way thinking that we would get another iteration of the famous 'elevator fight scene' between Frank Grillo, his crew and Cap. That was just briliantly done!You didn't hear that hammer-like sound as if someone was forging something?Could be yeah, but that did feel like a post-credit moment to me, we weren't left with nothingLoki escaping and the events of the army base are in different timelines. Everytime they go back, the timeline splits, leaving their own history unchanged, but inside another. When cap gives back the tesseract in 1970, it will have no effect on 2012 whatsoever. Their actions in 2012 will have effect on that timeline, and loki will have escaped in that timeline. When they jump back in time for the first time, I think they created 3 different splits, the Thanos from the timeline where nebula and rhodes went to came back with them, and that alternate universe will never experience an infinity war. The Thanos of the universe where loki escaped with does still exist though, and he loki couldve brought the stone right back to the mad titan.Prof Hulk actually says cap jumped back to the future, but that he missed. Most likely, cap went back in time to Carter, and then when the cap from the timeline was about to be found in the ice, he jumped back. Giving him about 70 years with Carter.For everytime that they go back to a time, a new timeline splits off at the moment they arrive back in time. So you now have one universe where infinity war happened, the survivors take infinity stones from the past(but the past from an alternate universe) and one that hasnt seen a snap, one where the Thanos has suddenly vanished. In the alternate universe everyone on knowhere is alive again.When travelling back in time, the timeline always splits, but if they had removed the infinity stones, they had split, AND fucked up the reality of that universe. They needed to take the stones back to their original timelines for the sake of those timelines, they themselves would be completely unharmed if they kept the stones.This also means that they created a timeline where loki escapes with the tesseract, completely screwing the avengers of that timeline over.Too soonThis is a meme worthySuch a masterful fakeout. I was expecting a full-blown re-enactment of TWS elevator fight, but damned if they didnt bamboozle me.Family for Tony was a death flag, like Natasha's talking about family and how the avengers made her better in that one scene in cap, and like how cap did the hammer thing.The got Hulk to dab.She throws a fucking spaceship at everyoneThere's only one timeline for them, in the sense that they can't change their past. But since they can visit other timelines (parallel universes, as explained by The Ancient One), that's the reason why they had to return stuff and not mess up the timeline they were visiting.The timeline/reality where Nebula gets captured and Thanos (of that reality) dies? Well, guess that universe doesn't have Thanos anymore. But changing that timeline's past doesn't affect the OG-timeline.He looked so lost going "uh, yeah I can throw this motorcycle I guess. Oh, uh, \*roars\*"I was really sad for her during the debriefing/pb&amp;j scene. It was shown just after Caps support meeting where he was helping people to keep going and maybe move on. But Natasha didnt want to, because the job was all she ever had. And if there was even the slightest chance she can undo it, shes immediately on it without hesitation.During Caps speech and theyre gonna go jump back in time, she was so giddy. The bit where she told Steve see you later was just...damn, thats goodbye.Same. I cringed because it was forced and I know there would be bitching. But I also felt thankful they added it. Besides in the future films thered be more of that girl power. Might as well make those bitching get used to it.That scene was horrible. Two best friends fighting to get to be the one to commit suicideShe didn't deserve that ending. Out of everyone in the MCU, Natasha Romanov led the most painful life. She had a screwed up past, she could never have a family and she didn't even get to end up with Banner. Stark's death really hit me but they celebrated him too much compared to how they mourned Natasha. Without her sacrificing herself, Tony wouldnt even have a gauntlet to snap. I cant believe they just did her dirty like that.Thinking about it retrospectively, them mourning for her was kinda brief. I mean sure there's a rush to bring the snapped ones back, but at least a scene at the end where they mourn for her like they did for tony stark.Avengers 1 Cap thinks future Cap is Loki.I'm not sure what a post credit scene could have been that would both be satisfying and not detract/distract from what came before.I half expected it, and it feels like the right move.She just disappears at the end as well. No goodbye. Just... gone back to the past, I guess.That gave me mad Star Trek 6 vibes. Loved it.Because they were trying to AVOID messing with the timeline. Which is hilarious because they wreck shit like a bull in a China shop and steal a bunch of critical shit like Mjolnir.I'm confused how this works as well - did everyone come back the same age, or 5 years older, or...? It seems the fallout from snapping everyone back could be just as disastrous and emotionally scarring as having them disappear.Not at all. Remember she's the Gamora from the beginning of Guardians of the Galaxy and she was already ready to betray her father then.Definitely! Especially with Thor on the team, both strands of the MCU are planet jumping adventures, it's gonna be awesome combing the two! Especially if endgame is anything to go offShe swoops in and saves the day a couple of times, Captain Marvel style.*dabs*Honestly that the best part of the movie when it happenedYeah, that would suck. He thinks she's back, but he still loses herThey got Thor to play fortniteKid from IM3100% my thoughts exactly.Yeah, also Captain Marvel did only one thing right i.e. getting Tony and Nebula home. That was disappointing after all the hype.Also cap takes it back with him in the endIll disclose everything I can recall from the final battle.Probably her most significant role: -She stops Thanos mid-snap. My heart nearly stopped.Others include:-Thanos headbutting her. She didnt move an inch.-She basically made herself a human meteor and broke Thanos ship into two by going through it.It may have been too girl power for some, but I (and everyone else in the cinema) absolutely loved it! Everyone went wild. The only thing that saddened me was the absence of Natasha, especially since she was part of the original girl power scene.Its true CM most likely didnt even need the help, but IMO it definitely trumped the girl power scene in IW. It had Valkyrie on her pegasus!I was reaaaaaally hoping for an "I can do this all day" from Cap at that point though :(I wouldn't be surprised if Fat Thor was Hemsworth's idea - like he turned up for filming after loafing around in Australia with his family and getting a bit of a dad bod going on and the Directors are a bit mad and then he's like... here's an idea - Thor let himself go and is now a fat neckbeard...I think the lack of one is important. It signifies the ending of this chapter, a story that has been building up ever since the very first Iron Man was released.We're talking 21 films in the making, all to get to this point. To have a post-credits scene would sort of ruin the whole point. That this is the end.It's not that the Avengers can't have more films either, it's that they'll be set in another chapter. It's not like the comics just ended once the Infinity story was won.The whole fucking ping-pong shield/hammer scene was a definite highlight for me.I'm a huge fan of slamming some fucking lightning down on a motherfucker, I'm also a huge fan of then slamming a shield into that same motherfucker's face.I feel you man. Who will replace Ironman? I want him and Dr strange to argue with each other more. Two big egos.I know, it's like grieving.That's why if the next big great was galatus, how will they defeat him without Tony. It was the most noble sacrifice. I felt like it should have been groot who did the gloves ending as racoon can just replant him alive again.I have to say watching Tony die really reminded me of how my cat died. Although my cat was kidney failure but at the end, the way Tony was like my cat.So it turns out that Cap just didn't want to flaunt the fact that he was worthy in Ultron.Well present Nebula is without a past Nebula and apparently that isn't a problem.Dr. Strange: "If I tell you about the rat that will save the universe, it will never happen."No, it's not.He wasn't really saying much during his final seconds (sort of just gasping for air). I would say that the line "I am Iron-man" were his final wordsI thought that was a funny part as well, literally yanked away from tony.Pretty sad, he just wanted Tony to be happy with him.I didn't know I need this but please can someone arrange Troy and Abed to meet each other in MCU?Haven't heard that many assembles murmured in my whole life and most of them were not even timed right. That kinda dragged me out of the movie and almost ruined one of the most impressive scenes in the whole movie for me =Yup I still can't understand how can Cap showed up in our timeline again if they specifically clarified changing things in the past won't change what has already happened. Theoretically our Cap should be gone forever because he's living in a different branch of reality now. Unless that he pinpointed when and where then dimension jumped here.(4) Steve learn the skill from Draxme too ... but past Capt already said that.the entire scene with tony and howard i was expecting tony to go oh by the way, anthony is a good name. sad that didnt happenI don't like the treatment Star Lord is getting, to be honest. He's more than just a laughing stock. I would be ok with it if there were moments of respect there as well, but them respecting his leadership is very underplayed and making fun of him is overplayed, at least in my opinionBut remember that he stole the terseract so 2012 Loki might be aliveHes got family based plot armor.What was Tony's last words. Had a baby crying me during that part, like just screaming its lungs out. Must have been about 6mo.Can you explain to me very detailed what makes you love cap so much? i seem to not understand why ppl praise him like a god.Cap became worthy when he chose not to speak with carter even though they are face to face.All the Fortnite developers were snapped. The car designers were bored.How DOES the Cap vs Cap fight happen?  What is the rationale?Tony, Natasha and vision. Get all 3 done in one go.When she runs the med check on him and it just says critical so she accepts what's happening and just tries to comfort him in his final few seconds :(.Or take the universe down to 1 atom and then rebuild.I was literally close to crying when I saw Shuri, Okoye, and T'Challa come out of the portal Dr. Strange opened. And then all of them at once. Thanos has an army, and so do they. I remember rubbing my chest to contain my emotions  a rush of overwhelming joy and awe. First time for me to feel something like that. We're lucky to have witnessed one of the greatest movie franchises of the entire entertainment industry.Who was the Teenager boy in the scene ? Was it the boy in Iron man 3 ?It was too short.That scene gave me goosebumps but when tony was against the wall and everyone knew that was his end it was absolutely heart wrenching I cried from then till caps dance with PeggyI keep coming back to that moment when all the portals opened and I agree. It was more than I wanted, it was just sheer perfection. Let all the tears flow.Avengers... assemble.I'm just amazed at how gracefully they could introduce time travel in to the MCU. It could have gone terribly wrong, and just introduced a lot of plotholes, but im my opinion, they totally nailed the time travel.*vision and quicksilver crying in the corner*sam is such a more appropriate character to take up cap's role than bucky in the mcu honestly!!! i mean, emotionally, bucky went through all that brainwashing and torture, steve probably doesn't want him to hold such burden and pain anymore... plus, mcu-aside, sam in the comics is actually quite a mirror to what the world needs captain america to be: he cares about people. all of them: he cares about women, he works hard to make a community (especially his neighborhood) free of violence and fear, he stands for lgbt rights like he does for immigrant people. and i guess bucky already has the new role as white wolf marvel probably wants to give sam a new role!Different timeline my dudes. Loki is still dead in our timelineIt is also possible that everyone in their class died of the snap.Different timelines (alt universes). They are essentially going to alt timelines to borrow their stones and hammer for a bit then returning them. I think.Say greeeeen.That and the dab moment with hulk were definitely cringe, although the dab moment I think was better because it at least owned the cringeIt was kinda weird to me. Like I'm all for those girl power moments, but the fact that every single major female MCU character came together in the middle of a chaotic battle at that exact moment makes it feel kinda forced. Like what innate spidette sense told them to do that? The battle against Proxima in Infinity War was done better imoand Yvette too!!! community represent!!But there actually was a post credit scene&amp;#x200B;If you listened closely you should have heard someone smithing some iron...To me, it was more of a comic book fight scene than a realistic moment in a battle. It was symbolic and so badass. It could be cringy if you perceive it as such, and I get it tbh, just wanted to share my perspective of it. Maybe my only take is that Captain Marvel didn't really need their help to get past those troops lolAs a long time adult female fan, I cringed at this moment... Not because it existed, but because I know the MCU fans would bitch about it and I wasn't looking forward to reading it.Yes it was unnecessary and forced, but I tell you what, looking into my nine year old daughters eyes at that moment knowing that such an intense line up of strong and powerful female heroes had just set her heart ablaze will trump every single negative comment I see about that one "unrealistic" moment in a superhero movie dIm a 34 M... that scene was awesome. Hard to describe, I guess it was a FUCK YEAH, YOU GONNA DIE NOW! feeling.it's not really her past self, it's more an alternate dimension from what i remembermultiply ressources, you multiply people, multiply the consumption, back to step oneKill half the population, the rest is traumatized and stay his line. If it decide to rebel, snap again anywayThanos here is in full armor, with weapon, motivated to fight to kill, and Thor is in FatThor stateHe kinda disappears in the last battle, I barely recall seeing him when all the fapping of other characters coming in.Hmm, I recall hearing it and waiting for something to happen ... wasnt sure if I imagined it tho.Family tends to give characters the opposite of armour. Fully expected him to die.I really enjoyed the "smash"-Hulk we got when they go back to NYHaha same, I was basically cheering at one point when I thought he "won" the fight, only to be catched by Natasha again...Exactly!Tony Stark deserved a happy ending, instead his daughter is gonna grow up without a father just like he didNow I would really like to know who will fund the incoming superheroes!you know who else died for the Soul Stone?  Gamora.  But Gamora is back.  Who said this prequel Black Widow was on the same timeline...?Kid could really use a vacation lolYour theory would hold up if it wasn't for the Cap incident in the end, where he travels back in time,   and by your assumption, should thus create a new separate timeline. However, he reappears in the now "original" timeline after tonys sacrifice, obviously having altered his own past, and therefore future without swapping timelines. How did the future Cap, fCap, handle existing in a timeline with past Cap, pCap? Did he prevent pCap from being found and took his place, therefore altering the timeline of the discovery of the tesseract? Did he confront pCap with the truth,convince him to lead a different life, and then vanished himself? There is no real way for Cap to meet up with the avengers in the end game timeline as an old man, at least not one that I can find within the frame of their own system..Won't he have trouble with the police?I had that feeling when, just after the fight had started, he was throwing punches.  And they're Steve Rogers punches but still just punches!  The hammer thing had been teased and oh man the pay offYou know, I was trying to figure out when he became worthy between Age of Ultron and that moment, but you're probably right.Thought the same! I really thought that will be Cap's end was really glad that it wasn'tTo me it looked more like she was holding him up as he crumbled and collapsed, but I see what you meanHer and the bad nebula were already talking about how bad it would be for Thanos to get the stones. I think bad nebula just got thrown by the arrival of good nebula and was scared for her life,  that's why she stayed badshe was planning to kill thanos from the very first. on the first guardians movie she she wants the orb for herself. she was mad at thanos tha whole time and planning to strike at the right time.The Gamora who switches sides is taken from the exact time when Quill originally gets the Power Stone.  In the Prime Timeline she betrays Thanos pretty much right after that. He sends her Ronan who sends her to get the Orb, but she goes to get it in order to keep it out of Thanos' and Ronan's hands.  So she had already switched sides really, she was just waiting for the right moment.I saw it coming, but it was still amazing. Honestly, Caps 1v1 with Thanos was the best 1v1 in that movie, in my opinion.Being a blood-sacrifice can often make people resentful.That was also my sole disappointment! Hulk not getting his redemption against Thanos and Banner/Natasha not happening.They did kill Cap, in the most heartwarming way possible.You can't let yourself think about it. The moment I heard "time heist", I shut off the part of my brain that tries to make everything make logical sense.They handled it in a very nuanced way. She shows up, she kicks appropriately titanic ass, and then they have the good sense to let her get punched into an irrelevant rockpile while the heroes we were there to cheer for took care of business. I'll be honest, every second she was on screen I was nervous that they were going to let her steal the movie. I was pleasantly surprised.How many versions out of the 14 million did Dr Strange just watch rats crawl all over the van but miss the button? Haha.One rat in 14, 000, 000