Without the rat, there would be no movieNiceHe is, then my theorie was right. Thanks for confirmingOh now it makes sense. Wow they managed to care about iron man 3 too? Impressive.Loved this part. Never thought Id see Peter Parker use the instant kill functionWoah Woah Woah there buddy! He killed ALIENS so it's all good. But killing actual people is whole 'nother levelIt's amazing how they were able to tie in that great little nugget.I'm a grown man and loved that scene. I'm worried about all the hate it's going to get but it doesn't push any agenda, everyone is still fighting, is it so bad to have a badass scene with all these powerful female superheroes that most haven't had their own movie?I'm a male and it was such a badass moment that it wasn't cringe at all. It doesn't feel forced to me like other things would and I think if people start critcizing that moment, they're fucking fragileYes! I know there's going to be a lot of hate for that. But as a kid myself still, it felt so cool and surreal.It was such a good scene. I totally know MCU was just trying to pander but god it felt good to see them all have a power shot. MCU can sell this to me as much as they want and I will buy it if it means more women being powerful.I agree. I feel like a post credit scene would just detract from the weight of the ending. It was about stopping Thanos, undoing the Snap and they did it at the sacrifice of others. The ending was well, the end.I feel she's dessimated as well, since all those who came along with Thanos were snapped!Now that youve mentioned it.Some people already moved on. Some people, like the guy in the support group with Cap, started seeing other people. Are they supposed to just end it all and get back with their old loved ones?I think there might be something in Guardians 3. When you see him in the ship at the end, he's searching for her on the computer. And depending on what Tony's 'wish' was, she may not have gone with the rest of Thanos' army. If he thought of snapping all who side with Thanos', then she would have been safe.What I'm thinking is a few of the baddies who were in prison previously got out/were respawned in a broken prison, bringing back old enemies onto the table for the next phaseThat's justified coz cap jumped back and put the pieces back to where they were. .I was wondering about this too bc Ant Man's daughter is 5 years older &amp;#x200B;Would have loved to see Pena make a cameo!I re-watched Winter Soldier, and they never did show Peggy Carter's "husband", and their dialogue was very weird.&amp;#x200B;So, yeah. It's plausible that 2 captain Americas existed at the same time.Yeah you right damnIm really curious about this too. The way it was done it seems like half the universe will now be 5 years younger relative to the other half. Could be some odd ramifications...I do get why they did it that way though - for a minute I thought they might be setting Tony up to choose between his daughter and the mission, and that would have been TOO MUCH TRAUMA for me.Also doesn't having cap grow old get a time paradox?Wasn't it renamed as Asgardians of the Galaxy?Cap is a straight arrow, a natural leader, tactician, have lost a lot and still willing to give more for the greater good. And most importantly...AMERICA'S ASS!I'd rather it be Thor: The Melted Ice CreamPerfectly balancedHe is still alive tho just an old man capI think it's clear that the gen 1 avengers are signing off for the last time here, before the torch gets handed on to spiderman 2 and beyond.Called me a dickhead!Thor: disconnect now or I'll kill your familyalmost everybody at the cinema clapped in appropriate times. there was a guy pissed off at everyone cheering, so people told him he could get out if he's pissed. we came to cheer.Nice.my thoughts exactly. but when the hour came, he used it like a badass.Well they kind of killed cap. He lived his life in the past and gave his mantle and shield to sam (I really liked that reference to the comics!).I just realized the reference to winter soldier where cap outruns Sam while jogging around the lincoln memorial pool. That is genius!Edit: Found the link with the bonus of Cap's catching up book. https://youtu.be/t2E1mLUrBdYCassie was like what, 7-8 at the most in Antman &amp; the Wasp. That's a big 13 year old.And the part where Thor and Cap swap Stormbreaker and Mjolnir!Had the same experience, SO awesome and im glad I was there!!I mean, they did kill Cap, basically. But Ironman's death was inevitable, because he was the main character, and with his death the movie got deeper meaning.And he shouts I knew it!I liked that bit.Cap dying wouldve been a pretty sad end for him though bc literally from the start of CATFA he did not catch a single break (bullied kid&gt;serum&gt;war&gt;ice&gt;etc etc) so it makes sense that his story arc ends with some kind of chill.Dont get me wrong tonys my fave and im devastated but as soon as his daughter came up on screen i knew tony was a goner bc he supposedly got his wholesome happy endingThere is avengers X in phase 4I have mixed ideas about this, when I watched the movie I thought he told Tony to take out one stone so that the snap wouldn't work. Afterwards I thought that he just reminded Tony that they could win in 1 scenario.That boy at the back of the funeral before captain Marvel was the kid from iron man 3, who is going to be the new iron man.You can rest now TonyThat's why Dr strange had to make sure he livedWhich makes you wanna watch GotG 3 even more.Well... for a while it was. After that, I preferred to see good old Bufflord of ThunderWe only have half-- the original three. Thanos won after all."I know, I know..."How did Cap get to Asgard? Or the other places he was supposed to be returning stones to? Could the Pym suit do that alone? I suppose he used the gauntlet to do a few things (should be okay as long as he doesn't do something snap-sized). Did he go to Vormir and talk to Red? Coz I really want to see how that went. Couldn't he have asked for the deposit back on the Soul stone?EDIT: Also, Cap took the stones back, which eventually get destroyed by Thanos. No stones = bad for the universe. Cap had to head to where Thanos destroyed the stones and use the heisted stones to reassemble them before he returns them for everything not to be screwed.I'm still curious about what The Ancient One meant when she questions if She had made mistakes when Hulk tells her that Strange simply handed over the stone to save Tony after using it to look for a solution.It was fairly ambiguous, was she meaning that she made a mistake by appointing Strange? Probably not. Perhaps she meant that she'd made the mistake in the other 16mil timelines by not just handing it to Hulk? That kind of seems too blunt though. Now I'm wondering if she meant that she made the mistake of not trusting/supporting Tony and the Avengers sooner, as in context, New York was being attacked by Thanos in 2012 and the sanctum guardians were clearly only interested in defense and concealment.I still actually have no idea...Both falling would have been such a fail.Yeah, I think thats a separate timeline. The conversation between Hulk and the Ancient One explained how when the stones would be brought back to their right timelines, those that would split off would cease to exist. Plus they go further back in time, so that timeline would have rewritten that disastrous moment.so how exactly did rocket get the reality stone out of natalie portman and how is cap gonna insert it back to her?Damn so the hammer still got destroyed in the end? I loved the mjolnir and storm breaker combowe waited since Avengers 1 for this momentI don't know, I kinda wanted him to yell it, triumphantly, you know. Not whisper it, that felt kinda weak. But it is just a minor complaint.I didnt cry for Black Widows and Tonys death, but when cap summoned Mjolnir and called Avengers Assemble, our theatre went nuts and my eyes were wet!!Goosebumps 20/10.Like this shouldn't beHey guys i'm alive!&amp;#x200B;10 minutes later:&amp;#x200B;Oh fucc he dedyeah, I wanted some full blown Hulk action :(All hail Rat-Man!!!Made me think of WarThor after the transformation and braided beard.I think since it was future cap and he went to a time where the other cap was in the ice I didnt have any real impact on the timeline.I would say that the motivation to do things were different for Tony.We see in Thor 1, that you have to put the interest of others before your own, in order to become worthy. Thor wanted to save the town, Jane and the others and became worthy again. While when he was trying to lift the hammer in the beginning, he couldn't.During Endgame, Tony established that he was only going to participate in the heist, because bringing people back was nice, BUT his priority is to keep what he already has, his family. This means that until the moment when he gets the stones from Thanos and snaps, he was thinking about his family. He even goes out with "I am Ironman". A remark about himself and his legacy.Captain America was after the snap trying to help the rest of the survivors. He spoke about moving on, because what's the point if half of the population survives but just dives into depression. The Captain probably didn't even talk to Peggy in 1970 when he had a chance, because it would have endangered the mission. In Civil War, Steve reaches out to Tony in the end, telling him that Cpt America will help, when help is needed. He also wouldn't trade lives when the solution presented itself in Infinity War. Also when Steve fought Thanos with Mjolnir, he probably wanted to keep his promise to Tony, that he and his family would survive. I believe that, in the end, when Steve chose to stay in the past to be with Peggy, he lost his worthiness, because he chose his own interest over the interest of others.The way Thanos wrestled with her and he "just" took out the power stone, punched her and put it back into the glove. What a move.I don't think it has anything to do with pride. It's about worthiness. in Age of Ultron, Captain tried to lift it out of ego, because it was kind of a competition. In Endgame, the Captain was desperate to fight Thanos which made him worthy and the Hammer reacted to the need.Cosmic nullifier. And conversation.Like how Reed did it the first time around.I feel sad we'll never see Reed and Tony talk shop.Cap was always worthy. Even in his first film.After that scene with Carter though, I just knew he wasn't gonna go back when they had him slide at the end.I think we all knew that was coming with the AoU tease. But seeing Thor go "I knew it!" with such a big broad smile made it complete.&gt; If it decide to rebel, snap again anywayhe destroyed the stones so he never planned on a 2nd snapsomewhere far from home?I KNEW it!"Father, I shall become...a rat. And step on these buttons with my teensy pawsies"We all saw a cinematic tradition that our grandkids are going to witness.Big times.Thor 2 was much more plot significant than I would have ever thought.Thor Lebowskison?Five years in the future and they still play Fortnite on a PS4 but meanwhile drive new AudisThat scene is gonna age so well in 10 yearsLITERALLYI think Infinity War explained it perfectly. On Titan Thanos saw first hand what overpopulation leads to. That in turn lead him to kill 50% of the population on planets he conquers. Gamoras planet is a paradise after his "visit" and that confirms to him that it's a good plan. It doesn't have to make sense to everyone, only to him. He's misguided and can't see any other solutions, especially not after having confirmed it works on individual planets. It's honestly why I think he's such an interesting villain. He's relatable and you can understand his motives, but he's also a madman.Strange was held up holding back the water after Thanos starting firing on earth from his ship. so was out of commission for much of that final battle.I noticed them being from Community but for some reason I didn't make the connection that it's because the Russos worked on Community. Perhaps this is the Community movie we always wanted?Wait what, is that a real thing?Thanos' irritation that this puny planet is putting up all the resistance it can muster (including from the 9 realms and outer space) is hilarious.I'm pretty sure that to make it simpler, they will say that both Ned and MJ died of the snap too, and thus didn't age. Hopefully they will think about mentioning how half their class is now 5 years older though.I suppose that it definitely means Loki is alive somewhere. I'm very confused as how he could be in the same timeline/universe as the others... but if married!Cap is still in the same universe as the others, then so is escaped!Loki.NOOBMASTER69They got Natasha to play dead.Korg played fortnite, we saw Thor shit talk noobslayer69 thoughI like it. Its almost like Strange saw the future and was just like, theres no point in fighting and wasting time, heres the time stone and well see you soon for when we win.&gt; -She stops Thanos mid-snap. My heart nearly stopped.Except you could remove that scene and nothing would change, the fight even still flows. So I wouldn't really class that as important. It's just there to give Marvel a scene.Except Marvel specifically got a movie [An origin story at that; which Marvel said they wanted to move away from...] between the two films to build her up.Difference between giving dues to established characters and shoehorning one in.Like; Scarlet Witch had an arc; it was revenge for Vision. Strange was there to motivate Stark. Parker for Feels with Stark... most of the characters were basically continueing the fight from Infinity War, fighting on pretty much exactly from where they left off.What is Marvel there for? She has no connections with anyone there. She doesn't contribute to the plot in any way. She just feels like filler. I mean she dosen't even interact with Fury at Stark's funeral or anything. Her purpose in the film is basically to say 'There's places other than Earth you know' as if the Guardians aren't evidence of that; or the various scenes in Infinity War.Or some villain to take his mind of itTheory of the day: the rat is Loki. :pExcept Thor and Hulk. Pretty sure Thor is going to be in GotG 3, while Hulk is going to make cameos here and thereYou could say he didn't want to steal his thunder.Too soon man... too soonHonestly, I read it in the credits but cant remember and now its really bothering me!I Love Tony Stark 4000Not really a reason why they had to write him that way. They had that talk about Gamma radiation that he can absorb it..yada yada. They could have made him heal the damage or absorb the radiation an go full smash Hulk again.I think cap was worthy back then but mjolnir was "sensing" the avengers were making a game of it so he did not yield to cap when he tried to lift it. But in real battle though, he made himself available to cap. Just my two cents.pepper got all the $$$&gt;I am steve rogersBut thats not when they took the stone, they shouldhave returned it to the base.It was one of the intense moment in the movie. It felt like watching a mission impossible movie where the planes goes completely south and they start improvising.Maybe Banner Natasha happenned in the 5 years. Hulk maybe smashedI was stunned to see Natalie Portman back. I thought she severed ties with the MCU long ago.im sure that some plot holes will arise eventually, however none were outstandingRight?! I never thought that would be a thingTheres like 50 wizards there at least one of them must know how to use sling portalsHe's the little boy from Iron Man 3, Harley Keener.As someone said. The battle in ready player one but you actually care about the characters.For me it wasn't a dab, it was a Hulk Hogan pose!She sacrificed herself to save the only family she's known :(Europe would be nice.The quantum realm allows for travel in space also. That's how Tony and Steve traveled to that base from NYC. The way I see the time stuff is that those are alternate timelines that they took the stones from, or else we kind of got ourselves a grandfather paradox thing going.Wondering why Tony wasn't deemed worthy. I believe there's quite a consensus that at the end he was the most worthy of them all, surpassing the destiny his dad left him of not seeing the greater good beyond his personal benefit etc.It's not supposed to age well. This is our culture, the next generation are welcome to laugh at our stupidity, as we do to our parents.She did save Stark and NebulaSome brats were making noise at that scene so I bellowed BE QUIET and now my throat hurts like fuckI've watched it twice so far, the first time everyone behaved because there were NO. DAMNED. KIDS. The second time I went slightly berserk because those fuckers were still making noise during Tony's posthumous hologram message.Huh I thought it might have been Loki in disguise, this makes way much more sense to me. ThanksEveryone in our cinema lost at the dab lmaoOh shiiiit! I forgot he vanishedHi, MrTastix!I thought I'd stop by to offer you a robot hug, and to wish you a wonderful day!-HappyFriendlyBotI don't thinks a case of him not being worthy in the end he, had to restore Mjolnir to the timeline so Hella could destroy it in RagnarokDidn't he say 'Dab' while dabbing? Or was that someone in my theatreYep that seemed super strange. Only explanation i can think of, is that they turned to dust as well at the end of infinity war.Her mistake was not realizing (however indirectly) that their reality is a bigger picture reality and the impact of his request had already been accounted for by Strange, the best of them. It was one of my favorite parts and I had a lot lot lot of favorite parts.Unlucky bunch, no wonder their school gives them a trip.Yeah, absolutely agree. They showed how incredibly powerful she is without her stealing any spotlight. Loved the movie. But I was super bummed they didn't let Hulk shine in battle. BannerHulk is great. Kind of like Korg. But after IW, Hulk deserved a HULKSMASH moment.a for effort but who tf would want to have movie spoiled like thisi think i found it, its called Its Been A Long, Long Time by Harry JamesI dont think so. They returned the stones to protect the timeline from greater danger like the ancient one said. But they didnt nothing to rectify the blunders that led to Loki being able to teleport away.I assumed Cap dropped Mjolinir off at the original time in Asgard that they took Hammerand the Ether. Otherwise Past Thor would be without a HammerGamora from the different reality simply lost her purpose, now that Thanos and the whole army has been dusted. After all her only purpose was to kill Thanos regardless of which reality it is. So I assume she just wandered off somewhere, which explains the 'Searching' on the screen when Quill's on the plane, suggesting his next personal quest is to find Gamora.Also, note that it is Gamora from the different reality. The OG Gamora is dead as others mentioned.Nah I definitely heard 'Hulk Dab'Harley Keener. The boy from Iron Man 3. [https://marvelcinematicuniverse.fandom.com/wiki/Harley\_Keener](https://marvelcinematicuniverse.fandom.com/wiki/Harley_Keener)He may become the next Iron Man.He practically burnt his arm off with the faux infinity gauntlet, so i think any fightint he did do wouldnt have been as smash-tastic as it usually isim very thankful they didnt randomly veto his weight gain and altered personality halfway through with a fancy bolt of lightning. it would have completely ruined the purpose of the whole character plot.And / or Guardians are in Thor 4.  Movie was 'confirmed' by Tessa Thompson, with Taika Waititi back to direct :)Asgardians of the Galaxy!  Been calling that one since the trailers for Infinity War!!!  So excited!!The time travel rules stated by banner that they would be going into alternate timelines/realities. Everything fits to these rules perfectly except Old Cap being at the end. That doesn't make sense as he never came back through the machine, he carried on in that timeline with Carter. Which should be allowed to happen. Only big plot hole.Actually that works fine based on the rules set out by Banner. That thanos was from an alternate timeline. So therefore by killing that thanos he never gets the stones in that specific timeline not the main timeline of the MCU.  This is why the old cap bit doesn't work because the rules show that time travel doesn't affect time in a linear way. The thanos from this timeline got the stones, infinity war happened and then was killed at the start of this film. Same reason Nebula didn't vanish when she killed past Nebula, because it's a version of her from an alternate timeline/reality. If they set rules up for how time travel works they should stick to it and all the bits fit except old cap.Absolutely one of my favourite scenes.My favourite scene by far just because it was a great shoutout to the comic book moment and the Winter Soldier Elevator scene. I admit that while I do not spoil the movie to people who have not seen it, I do say "Hail Hydra" to them :DAnd what about the soulstone? How exactly did he return it when a trade has already been struck?Agree with this - I loved seeing all the women together, and fully realising just how amazing they all are. Didn't feel cringey at all  but I definitely thought "some dudebros are going to whinge about this".  Would love to see that moment on a poster.do you think thor is in GOTG3? I hope so!*"Whoever holds this hammer, be they worthy, shall possess the power of Thor."*Explains why Cap could summon lightning.Youre over thinking it. Her mistake really is just not giving it to hulk as soon as he showed up. Shes knows that if strange gave it away it would work.When Loki has it, that's part of an alternative timeline because events of the past have been altered. Captain would have had to, as you correctly stated, return the stone to the base as that's where it originated from; then also correct the alternative timeline that kicked off when Stark &amp; Lang commenced their attempt at getting the stone. Cap would have had to have stopped them to correct the timeline back to the true timeline.Loki vanishing is part of the alternative timeline, when the stone was put back, it corrected the timeline.That applies to all product placement though. That Audi e-tron GT insert was so jarring it was basically just an in-movie ad. Same with the Axe body spray 'joke'.God damn i went from eating ice cream happily and then eating ice cream sadly.You could do the same with most of the battle. If you take out the dam bursting, you don't need Strange, if you don't let Spider-Man get so overwhelmed, you don't need Black Panther helping him out, if you change the timing slightly, you don't need Scarlet Witch, etc.  The whole damn fight scene was a contrivance to make sure every single character would have their moment. It makes no sense to single her out. It was a great scene and a great moment. In Watsonian terms, she really did play an essential part and from an audience perspective, it was pretty damn great to watch.take your upvote. fine, just take it.That exactly. All the characters in that scene are amazing in their own right, but it didn't change a single thing for Captain Marvel, she just flies through everything anywayMassive time travel plot hole they killed thanos and his army so the whole of infinity war didn't happen the stones were returned but not thanosHmm could cap live out his days on the alternate timeline then after Peggy dies time travel back to his original reality as he was ment to just years later. I guess only problem with that is he should have appeared on the pad?I can offer a redditor hug?Hes Harley Keener from iron man 3, the kid who let Tony Stark stayed at his houseSo you're saying that they're not really jumping in time, but jumping between universes. Which makes sense of the double Thanos death. However, how then did Cap grow old within the same universe? Shouldn't he just be in the other one? Without Thanos?You didn't understand the time travel, you should think of this movie time travel more of a reality travel, they created a new timeline with a new Gamora, a new Nebula, a new Thanos, etc.The only plothole is how Captain lived in a different timeline until he grew old, then he appeared on the original timeline...I thought that was a make-a-wish kidSome people are suggesting cap returns all the infinity stones as well as the hammer.True. However she will grow up knowing he saved her and countless others lives. Whereas tony didn't even think his father loved him until he was an adult. And he died knowing he finally did what he always sought to do; protect everyone.Woah, nice catch - especially since this was meant to be Infinity War Part 2 (making one long 21st film) but became its own thingNice.It's so satisfying to understand why Strange did what he did now. The future he saw in which they won first required them to lose to Thanos, and Stark's role in that future was so critical (from building the time machine to his own snap) that Tony had to survive Infinity War. At the time it looked insane that Strange would trade the Time Stone for Tony's life. Now it all makes perfect sense...talk about a payoff.I think the thing that held him back was knowing what happened to Tony's parents but not telling him.Can I have a robot hug?Ill take what I can get :)Yea out of all people they kill a Russian woman. I went full AC:0 1;O4L because of thatThe hardest choices require the strongest wills. Natasha proved herself superior to Thanos with her cliff dive. He would sacrifice anything in service of his goal, but she would sacrifice her own life to save a friend. Her friends saved her from a life of cold, calculating deception and solitude, so it makes sense that they mean so much to her, especially Barton.People may agree or not that it was a spectacular movie but here something we can ALL agree on : Marvel D=OE=OL=OI=OV=OE=OR=OE=OD=O.EVERYTHING.The 1 win scenario.Although he did say he wouldn't say he would let him know or it wouldn't happen, I guess he sees the future and he (Strange) did the same gesture then too?Leaving Thanos with the other 5 gems would leave the heroes at a big disadvantage."What's that you got there, boy? You got a licence for that Frisbee?""Requesting backup, we have a black gentleman resisting arrest, &amp; armed with a giant frisbee. ".Sam Wilson: ....I assumed they were setting up Iron Man (daughter, has moved on, doesn't want to undo it) vs Hawkeye (family dead, has become a vengeful killing machine, willing to do anything to get his family back)&amp;#x200B;then they didn't do that at all.Well I think the point there is to set up Tonys death believably. Because its not just about inner strength or bei g worthy, you have to be physically able to take a good punch to wield the gauntlet, and even if you have resistance like Hulk, youre gonna end up hurting real bad.I liked that she didn't have that big of a role of beating thanos.I think Cap was worthy back in Avengers 2, but when he realized that he was, he chose not to pick up Mjolnir, in order to keep Thor's ego intact. This decision proves again that Cap is worthy, since an unworthy person would have picked up Mjolnir and embarrassed Thor.Kid from iron man 3Holy fuck at the end when his hologram said that to his daughter my eyes exploded with tears =-=-I cant believe they actually were talking/making noise during THAT scene! What the hell is wrong with people?! My cinema was stone silent. The only noise was sobbing and crying =-=-Thats disgusting, I feel so sorry for you man. Kids are the absolute worst for being pricks in moments like that. Nothing more aggravating than a noisy brat in a heartwrenching scene. If they had ruined that for me Id have been more pissed than old hulk.Me included. This is to prove Tony Stark had a heart. Im proud to admit that I was crying manly tears. Rip Tony, Im gonna miss your wit, your humour and your part in this wonderful saga.It's a comic nod and could also be seen as Thor being cocky and trying to take over the Milano. I don't think the next GOTG will actually be called that but we'll see.Such a good line.Hope they do an origin movie for Rat-Man. The one out of 14 millionDOZENSThor went through a complete and unexpected arc in the last movie. He suffered the entire movie just do he can come back of that sweet revenge. That's some heroics right there, and in that regard the movie did him justice. A comic relief is a nice change of tone.Elaborate explanations can never be elaborate enough to convince unwitting characters to obey when there's such a small window of time. Old cap would cling on to the real cap and insist to have his questions answered, which would be pestering.Sorry, no exchanges or returns.Isnt there a Loki show coming up? Since he died in Infinity War I'm assuming the show will be about the Loki the teleports away in the pastHe probably knew he could lift it, but stopped to not ruin Thor's pride